Artist: celine_dion
Title: aint_gonna_look_the_other_way
Genre: Pop/Rock
Subgenres: [u'Adult Contemporary', u'Soft Rock', u'Film Score', u'Adult Alternative Pop/Rock', u'Alternative/Indie Rock']

Song:

Used to be easy
Used to have truth hanging round
Never had secrets
Always singing your praises now good and loud
All I got is questions
And you left me wondering why
Why you keep your distance every lonely night
When love was bound together
We lived it by the letter
Can't close my eyes forever
'cause everything has changed and now...

I ain't gonna look the other way... No more
After all the clouds go by it's just another empty sky.
I ain't gonna wait to see the rain... No no
Nothing's gonna make it right
Look at me 'cause I choose life

It's all about giving
It's not about winning the game
My mind was open
Ready or not you closed it up again
Still I keep asking
If you got something to hide
I never stop learning all the reasons why
It took about a minute
To find the point and hit it
Gotta take this life and live it
'cause everything has changed and now...

I ain't gonna look the other way... No more
After all the clouds go by it's just another empty sky
I ain't gonna wait to see the rain... No no
Nothing's gonna make it right
Look at me cause I choose life

When all the lights go out
So suddenly I lose my way
So baby tell me is something going on
You gotta free me
This time I'm gonna be strooooong

(I ain't gonna look the other)... Waaaaay... No more
After all the clouds go by it's just another empty sky
I ain't gonna wait to see the raaaaain... No no
Nothing's gonna make it right
Look at me cause I choose life

(I ain't gonna look the other way) nothing, nothing, nothing oh nooo
(after all the clouds go by) after all the clouds go by
(it's just another empty sky) skyyyyy
(I ain't gonna wait to see the rain) I ain't gonna wait to see the rain
(nothing's gonna make it right) nothing's gonna make it right
(look at me cause I choose life) Liiiiiiiiiiiiife
No no
Oooooh aaaah ooooooh

Gonna do it gonna make it alright
Gonna do it gonna choose this life
(nothing's gonna make it right) nothing's gonna make it right
(look at me cause I choose life) oooooooooh baby
Nothing's gonna make it right
Ooooh
It used to be easy
It's not about...