Artist: footloose
Title: i_confess_lyrics
Genre: Electronic
Subgenres: []

Song:

Oh yes, he has all the answers
He's gonna set me straight
How can he presume to know what I've been through?
He hasn't got a clue
But how could anyone unless they've had a son

As perfect as a child can be,
The best of all the best in me
My brush with immortality, my kid.
For sixteen winters and fifteen springs
I had a son, and still it stings
When I remember all the things we did,
Me and my kid.

Simple things like fishing at the lake,
Tiptoeing out before dawn,
Bobbie would worry if we didn't hurry,
All the fish would be gone.

We would sit and huddle in the boat
Waiting for something to bite
And I'd watch the sun rise in my own son's eyes
And the world would fill up with light.
And Bobbie would ask a million questions:
Daddy how many is the biggest number?
Or Daddy, Why do I have a thumb?

(chorus)And I confess, I didn't always have the answers,
I didn't always know which way was true,
Nevertheless, I always tried to lead with love
That's all that any father can do.

As the years went by we had our differences,
But then who doesn't
Even if the friendship wasn't all it was before,
We shared a lot and who'd've thought
That so much joy could vanish in a blink,
Whoever stops to think.
And in that final moment who knows what went wrong
The questions come to late, and linger far too long

And I confess I don't always have the answers
I don't always know which way is true,
Nevertheless I always try to lead with love,
That's all that any father can do.

And then look, look what do I do!
This boy comes to me, this fatherless child
I scoff at his pain and I send him away.
My daughter speaks up and I shout her down
I won't hear a word of what she has to say
My wife reaches out and I turn my back
I send her to bed without even a kiss
Can my God forgive the things I have done
While I'm not forgetting how much I'm still missing my son.

I'm tired of feeling nothing, but numb
Maybe the time has come
To finally let the world in
But how do I begin?

(choir) Ohh ohh oo ooo

Give me strength, and maybe then
I can reach my fellow men
So we all may rise again

I confess I don't always have the answers
I don't always know which way is true
Nevertheless, I always try to lead with love
Please join me in asking our Lord to guide and protect
Our children

(choir) A-amen