Artist: frank_loesser
Title: baby_cold_outside_lyrics
Genre: Stage & Screen
Subgenres: [u'Cast Recordings', u'Show Tunes', u'American Popular Song', u'Musicals', u'Tin Pan Alley Pop', u'Traditional Pop', u'Vocal Pop', u'Show/Musical']

Song:

I really can't stay (but, baby, it's cold outside). I've got to go 'way (but, baby, it's cold outside). This evening has been
(Been hoping that you'd drop in) so very nice (I'll hold your hands, they're just like ice). My mother will start to worry
(beautiful words you're humming), and father will be pacing the floor (listen to the fireplace roar). So really I'd better
Scurry (beautiful, please don't hurry)......well, maybe just a half a drink more (put some records on while I pour). The
Neighbors might think (but, baby, it's bad out there)......say, what's in this drink? (no cabs to be had out there). I wish I
Knew how (your eyes are like starlight now) to break the spell (I'll take your hat, your hair looks swell). I ought to say
No, no, no sir (mind if I move in closer?). At least I'm gonna say that I tried (what's the sense of hurtin' my pride?). I
Really can't stay (Oh, baby, don't hold out). Ah but it's cold outside (baby, it's cold outside). I simply must go (but,
Baby, it's cold outside). The answer is no (but, baby, it's cold outside). The welcome has been (how lucky that you
Dropped in) so nice and warm (look out that window at that storm). My sister will be suspicious (Gosh, your lips look
Delicious), my brother will be there at the door (waves upon a tropical shore). My maiden aunt's mind is vicious
(gosh, your lips are delicious). Well, maybe just a cigarette more (never such a blizzard before). I got to get home (but,
Baby, you'd freeze out there). Say, lend me a coat (it's up to your knees out there). You've really been grand (I'm
Thrilled when you touch my hand). Why don't you see (how can you do this thing to me?). There's bound to be talk
Tomorrow (think of my lifelong sorrow), at least there will be plenty implied (if you caught pneumonia and died). I
Really can't stay (get over that hold-out). Ah, but it's cold outside (ah, but it's cold outside)......Where could you be
Going, when the wind is blowing, and it's cold outside? Baby it's cold, cold outside.