Artist: front_porch_step
Title: aware_lyrics
Genre: Pop/Rock
Subgenres: [u'Emo', u'Alternative/Indie Rock', u'Alternative Singer/Songwriter']

Song:

Well I see you standing there
And your eyes are unaware
That I've been staring at them all night
Wishing the brain behind them cared
About the way you make me feel
Or how your smile makes me nervous
Or how the fact that you exist
Makes me feel like I have a purpose

I'm sick of lying in your bed
While we're both laying down.
You say you want me for a friend,
I hope you know I hate that sound.
But I will bite my tongue
Because I hate when you're pissed off
But you should know I need your touch
Like falling rain on thirsty crops, but

Damn you stupid girl why won't you drop your guard?
The space between our lips is bound to break my ever-aching heart
And I am sure that you will never find a man that is ever gonna love you
More.
So why won't you love me?

Well I hate your cigarettes
And the men that you go see
Because one is killing you,
While the other's killing me.
But I know that you'll stay stubborn
'cause you know I'll stay alone
'cause we both know inside your grasp
Is the only place I feel at home.

Now I sit with my guitar,
Write you one more stupid song.
I hate the way you make me feel
Like I'm doing something wrong
But you'll just have to deal
With all the things that I have mentioned
And I'll hope this song is golden
Like the point of my intentions, but

Damn you stupid girl why won't you drop your guard?
The space between our lips is bound to break my ever-aching heart
And I am sure that you will never find a man that is ever gonna love you
More.
So why won't you love me?

Well now the beat is done
And there is nothing left to say.
Pray to the god you don't believe in
That'll you'll love me someday.
So when the years that go by
Forget how much I cared
Put in this song and sing along
So your heart will be aware

It's like giving up on everything that you believe
To put your trust in a girl that stole your heart right off your sleeve
And I'm so sure that you will never find a man that is ever gonna love you
More.
But you just won't love me.