Artist: frozen
Title: lifes_too_short_lyrics
Genre: unknown
Subgenres: [u'Black Metal', u'Heavy Metal']

Song:

Anna: I came all this way today to give us a fresh start
But now that you're like wow it's all like warm in my heart

Elsa: I'm so glad you like it sis 'cause this is the real me
You have no idea how great it feels to be free

Anna: We've been falling out for way too long, so let's forget who's right

Elsa: And forget who's wrong

Both: Okay!

Elsa: Why don't you stay, there's room for family in my court

Both: Cause life's too short

Anna: To always feel shut out and unloved by the sister I long to know

Both: Life's too short

Elsa: To never let you celebrate me, the true queen of the ice and snow

Anna: Wohohooo

Both: I never understood, but now I do
Life's too short to miss out on a sister like you

Anna: So you'll come back, then.

Elsa: Back?

Anna: To thaw the fjord, it's frozen over, no one can get in or out?

Elsa: Oh.

Anna: Sooo....

Elsa: I don't believe you!

Anna: What?! I just assumed that you would have to...

Elsa: That I'll shove on the gloves, that's how your story ends?!

Anna: It does! It's just like it was, except for we'll be best friends

Elsa: So that's in your plan to force me back in a cage

Anna: Whoa, whoa! Don't get upset let's get back on the same page

Elsa: Gee, thanks for coming up to see the place
And showing off your mastery of tact and grace, okay!
Run down the hill and spill my secrets, make a full report!
Bye-bye!

Anna: Wait!

Elsa: Cause life's too short

Anna: There it is! The door you'd love to slam in my face!
You did well there for a spell, but now you're back in the same place
Kick me out if you want, but I'm the only one who is
Not one hundred percent convinced the prophecy's you!

Elsa: You can think whatever you want 'cause I don't care
You're a fool who married a stranger!

Anna: That is so unfair

Both: I swear I'm through with taking your unshaking sisterly support!
Hah! Life's too short!

Anna: To let you treat the people down there just as coldly as you always treated me

Elsa: La la lalala laaaa

Both: Life's too short!
Elsa: To listen to a reckless fool who only ever sees the things she wants to see

Anna: You don't know

Elsa: You have no idea

Both: What I've been through
Because of you
Life's too short to waste another minute
Life's too short to even have you in it
Life's too short

Anna: I've been so wrong about you

Elsa: You?! You've been so wrong about everything.

Anna: Maybe you are the prophecy!

Elsa: I am not the prophecy!