Artist: fun
Title: all_the_pretty_girls_lyrics
Genre: Pop/Rock
Subgenres: [u'Alternative/Indie Rock', u'Indie Rock', u'Indie Pop', u'Pop']

Song:

All the pretty girls on a saturday night

So I call your name, cross my fingers
Uncross the others, hesitate.
Oh, I don't think straight with nothing to prove.

I don't wanna say I'm leaving
I will stay until the weekend.
And you can take all your things; 
The boxes and rings
And get going.

'Cause I've been waiting for... 

All the pretty girls on a Saturday night.
Let it be, and come to me with the look in your eyes.
Well you break and take all the words from my mouth.
I wish all the pretty girls were shaking me down.

So I call(I call) you out(out baby)
Just to feel a little bit better about myself(he does)
And I do(you do), baby I do
'Til their lips start to move, 
And their friends talk music
I say "I've never heard the tune!"
But I have, I just hate the band
'Cause they remind me of you.

Every single night ends up the same, 
I don't say much at all, but I bring up your name.
(Over and over and over)
I think it's striking me out.

All the pretty girls on a Saturday night
Let it be, and come to me with the look in your eyes.
Well you break and take all the words from my mouth.
I wish all the pretty girls were shaking me down.
But not you, 
You still wear boots and your hair is too long
And then this one doesn't want to admit she's fallen in love
Oh c'mon, oh c'mon, what's a boy to do
When all the pretty girls can't measure to you?

I don't understand your reasons
Please just stay over the weekend
You can't take all those things
They define you and me
Everything we've become, 
You're all that I need
Please don't make me face my generation alone.

All the pretty girls on a Saturday night.
Let it be, oh come to me with the look in your eyes.
And you break and take all the words from my mouth?
I wish all the pretty girls were shaking me down.
But not you, 
I feel your faith is destroying the world
And then this one never really understood
The 80s is over and done
Oh c'mon, what's a boy to do, 
When all the pretty girls can't measure to you?