Artist: gaelic_storm
Title: beggarman
Genre: International
Subgenres: [u'Alternative/Indie Rock', u'Punk Revival', u'Celtic Fusion', u'Celtic Rock', u'Celtic']

Song:

Well I'm a little beggarman, I am a beggarman,
I'm a little beggar-beggarman, I am a beggar man X

Well I'm a little beggarman and begging I have been
For three score or more on this little isle of green.
And I'm known from the Liffey from the basement to the zoo,
And I'm known by the name of old Johnny Dhu.

Of all the trades that's goin' the beggin' is the best,
For when a man is tired he can sit down and rest
He can beg for his dinner, he's nothing else to do
When he comes around the corner with his old rig-a-doo.

And I met a little flaxy-haired girl one day
'Well good morning' little flaxy-haired girl, ' did I say,
'Well good mornin' little beggarman, how do you do,
With your rags and your bags and your old rig-a-doo. '
I'll buy a pair of leggings and a collar and a tie,
And a nice young lady I will fetch by and by.
I'll buy a pair of goggles and I'll color them blue
And an old fashioned lady I will make of her too.

I've got the sky,
I've got the road.
I've got the sky...
The world is my home.

I'm a little beggarman, I am a beggar man,
And I slept way down, in a barn at Caurabawn
A wet night came on and I slept 'till the dawn
With holes in the roof and the rain coming through
And the rats and the cats, they were playing peek-a-boo
When who should awaken but the woman of the house
With her white spotty apron and her calico blouse
She began to frighten and I said "Boo!
Ah, don't be afraid ma'am it's only Johnny Dhu. "

Die di die di diddle diddle dum
Di die di die di diddle diddle dum.
Diddle dum di diddle diddle dum.

I've got the sky,
I've got the road.
I've got the sky...
The world is my home.

And it's over the fields with my pack on my back
And over the fields with my great heavy sack
With the holes in my shoes and my toes peeping through
Singing skinny-me-rink a doodle o for old Johnny Dhu
I must be going to bed for it's getting late at night
When the fire's all raked and out goes the light
Now you've heard the story of me old rig-a-doo
It's goodnight and God be with you from old Johnny Dhu.