Artist: high_school_musical
Title: a_night_to_remember
Genre: Stage & Screen
Subgenres: [u'Cast Recordings', u'Soundtracks', u'TV Soundtracks']

Song:

Guess now it's official
Can't back out, can't back out, no
Getting ready for the night of nights
The night of nights, alright
Don't panic, panic

Now do we have to dress up for the prom?
Dude I don’t think we have the choice
Yeah it's the night of all nights
Gotta look just right
Dressing to impress the boys

Do I want classic or vintage or plaid?
Where's the mirror?
I think this tux is too baggy
Too tight, it makes me look weird
Should I go movie star glamorous, sassy or sweet?
Don't know, but no one better wear the same dress as me

It's the night of our nightmares
It's the night of our dreams
It's too late to back out of it, hey!
Makeovers, massages, don’t know what a corsage is
Been waiting all our lives for this

It's gonna be a night, can’t wait
To remember, aw man
Come on now, big fun, alright
It’s gonna be the night, I guess
To last forever, lucky us
We'll never ever ever forget

Gettin' ready, get gettin' ready
Gettin' ready, get gettin' ready
(Hey you been in there an hour man!)
So, what should I do with my hair?
Where's my shaver? Ooh, I love it
I look like a waiter, should I fluff it?
It's gettin' later, already should be there

Her mother opens the door, I'm shakin' inside
He's here, it's time, the hour's arrived
Don't know why, her father's staring me down
Where's my purse? Lip gloss?
Now I'm really freaking out
Then something changes my world
The most beautiful girl right in front of my eyes

It's gonna be a night, oh yeah!
To remember, that's for sure
Come on now, big fun, alright!
It's gonna be the night, yeah tonight
To last forever, forever more
We'll never ever ever forget

Who's that girl? She's so fine
Who's that guy? I don't recognize
Who's that girl? She looks so good, yeah
Guess you never really notice, but you probably should

Big fun, on the night of nights, alright
The night of nights, tonight
Let's dance on the night of nights
You know were gonna do it right

It's gonna be a night to remember
It's gonna be the night to last forever
It's gonna be a night to remember
It's gonna be the night to last forever, last forever

It's gonna be our night, you know it
To remember, for all time
Come on now, big fun, to remember!
Its gonna be the night, love it
To last forever, the rest of our lives
We'll never ever ever forget

It's gonna be our night, oh yeah!
All together, say it loud!
Come on now, everyone, that's right
It's gonna be a night, yeah tonight
To remember, hear the crowd
And never ever ever, never ever ever
Never ever, never ever ever forget!