Artist: itch
Title: another_man
Genre: Electronic
Subgenres: []

Song:

I got another man
And he ain't nothin' like you
I got another man
And he knows what to do

I see you standing from across the club
With your arms folded in front and your face screwed up
Well she's my girl now
She couldn't resist my charm
And she's my girl
That's why she looks so good on my arm
I'm taking her out dancing on a Saturday night
With her stilletos in the ghettos girl you're lookin' alright

I got another man (that's right! )
And he ain't nothin' like you (not a thing! )
I got another man
And he knows what to do (you get me! )
He's not pushy (no), lazy (nah), he's motivated (yeah man! )
He's not cranky (psh), he loves me just as I am (always will boo)
I got another man (that's me! )
And he ain't nothin' like you

So with a wom-bop-a-loo-bop and a wom-bam-boo
I'm a kissin' with my baby gettin' into the groove
With her leopard print skirt, bleach blonde hair
Sipping a cherry cola while everybody stares
This is the kind of love I want to possess
I said "Will you be my girl?" She said "I must confess"

I've got another man (what?)
And he ain't nothing like you (I bet he ain't! )
I got another man (well who is he then?)
And he knows what to do (whatever)
He's not pushy (so), lazy (so), he's motivated (so am I! )
He's not cranky (well), he loves me just as I am (but)
I got another man (I thought that we could)
And he ain't nothing like you (yeah)

You're return he's delivered ohh
He's the now you're the never (well, maybe one day, right?) ohh
You could never be what I wanted you to be (come on, try me)
Now I'm so, oh so over it (what), over it (but), over it (can't we just?)

I've got another man
And he ain't nothing like you

I sit here staring from across the club
With my arms folded in front and my face screwed up
'Cause she's your girl now
She says she's with another man
Yeah she's your girl
But watch out 'cause she's in demand
I wouldn't get too close and I wouldn't obsess
'Cause she will take your heart and break it when she says

I got another man (good! )
And he ain't nothin' like you (yeah yeah)
I got another man (psh! )
And he knows what to do (you say that right)
He's not pushy (so), lazy (so), he's motivated (so am I! )
He's not cranky (well), he loves me just as I am
I got another man (but I thought that we could)
And he ain't nothin' like you (well)

Then I'll get another girl!