Artist: jhene_aiko
Title: comfort_inn_ending
Genre: R&B
Subgenres: [u'Contemporary R&B']

Song:

[Verse:]
One, two, one two…
Thought I told you not to trust these hoes
Say they love you, when you know they don’t
Say they will, but s**t, you know they won’t
Yeah, you hear me, you don’t feel me though
And you are not thee only one…
You are not the only one…
You are not the only one…
You are not the only one…
Okay, f**k it
It was Dominic, David, Brayden, all of them did the same to you
Marquis and Sean and Bryan
All of them had they way with you
Ever so often you get lost and miss out on everything
Shout-out to Krissy
That’s my b***h ’cause she tells me everything
And I was not the only one
I was not the only one to you…
So I was the only lonely one…
Really, we had the perfect end…
That night we shared at the Comfort Inn…
We made love like the world would have ended…
If either of us had of admitted...
We were in love…
But I was the only one…
So I was the only lonely one…

And...
And I never should of... And I should of never took you on a boat for your birthday and I should of never f****d you on a boat on your birthday...
Man I never would of came into your house in the first place, if I would of known that you would of hurt me, like in the worst way... Yeah
Cause that night turned into every weekend...
And...
Every weekend turned into every evening
You...
Took me out and left me in the deep end
Then...
Quis found out and I had to leave him...
Cause I couldn't be the one to hurt him...
Plus I thought you were the one so, it was worth it...

But really we should of ended it
That day I was at your crib when...
Your baby mama just burst in...
Damn...
I was weak then and you knew it...
I was so weak then now you proved it...

Cause my brother was dying, you gave me a shoulder to cry on...
It was nothing, it was nothing it's nothing nothing.
Girl it was nothing, it was nothing, nothing nothing
Then why'd you call it love...

When I was not the only one who was hurtin... And you were not the only one with the burden...
But if we're nothing, we're nothing, we're nothing, we're nothing, we're nothing
Why would you call this love when you knew that it wasn't... Why would you call it love when you knew that it wasn't...
But if this is not love, then please tell me what was it?... If this was not love, then please tell me what was it?...