Artist: lil_kim
Title: another
Genre: Rap
Subgenres: [u'East Coast Rap', u'Pop-Rap', u'Dirty Rap', u'Gangsta Rap', u'Hardcore Rap']

Song:

Biggie] Yeah... fuck you
[Lil Kim] Fuck you too!
[B.I.G.] Fuck you bitch
[Lil Kim] Fuck you motherfucker
[B.I.G.] You ain't shit anyway, fuck you
[Lil Kim] You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker
[B.I.G.] Yeah, whatever whatever
[Lil Kim] Whatevah
[B.I.G.] You wasn't sayin that when you was suckin my dick
[Lil Kim] You wasn't sayin that when you was eatin my bush!
You a nasty motherfucker!
[B.I.G.] Check it, uhh
[Lil Kim] Crab ass

Chorus One: B.I.G.

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.

Uh-huh, uhh, uhh
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain the game you see through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gon lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gon try
Like this ya'll, my girl sucked anotha nigga dick y'all
Light skinned with the chrome die six y'all
Thought they was creepin, two trips to V-A every third weekend
While you was sleepin, he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine go non-stop
Shoulda left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much
You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed
Way I hid dough under the bathroom towel
Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing
Then things got frightening
Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rosten
Guess you ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga
Asked my man Trigga, my ace boom coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sittin In My Room
Pissy drunk listenin to Stylistic tunes
Or the O-Jays, thinkin bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play
Baller, did she beep you? Don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was askin bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
You'll be all fuckin night

Chorus Two: Lil Kim

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

Verse Two: Lil Kim

Mmm, uhhh, uhhh!
Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker shoulda never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci
It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black nasty and matter fact ya'll
Shoulda seen the hoe, nigga pack ya shit
You out the door, ohh
What about the fight in the Mirage?
I seen ya Benz, parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was ya friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep puttin up wit the bullshit
And still I, never sweat these bitches
Who be hanged like plaques on the wall and ya pictures
Scalin fishes, my love is concrete
Stashin ya heat in the passenger seat
Of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me tryin to hold on
Teary eyed, damn a bitch steamin
Girls steady screamin, 'Kim you need to leave him!'
When I testified in court, couldn't think straight
Thinkin bout the bitches I fought
Over you, nigga half the shit you bought
And fuck you, movin is my last resort
You see nine outta ten niggaz, ain't shit
One outta five niggaz suck a dick
Ya mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me
Choulda kept the freak bitch off my canape
Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked ya dick, it's like smokin a roach
Uhh, I go from first class to coach

Chorus One, Chorus Two, Chorus One, Chorus Two