Artist: lloyd
Title: basket_of_eggs
Genre: Jazz
Subgenres: [u'Hard Bop', u'Crossover Jazz', u'Avant-Garde Jazz', u'Jazz Instrument', u'Post-Bop', u'Saxophone Jazz']

Song:

Basket of Eggs
Penguin Book of English Folk Songs
(Lloyd and Williams)
Down in Sandbank fields, two sailors they were
Walking,
Their pockets were both lined with gold.
And as together they were talking
A fair maid there they did behold.
With a little basket standing by her
As she sat down to take her ease.
To carry it for her one of them offered
The answer was: "Sir, if you please".
One of these sailors took the basket.
"There's eggs in the basket, please take care:
And if by chance you should out-walk me
At the Half-way house please leave them there. "
Behold these sailors, they did out-walk her,
The Half-way house they did pass by.
The pretty damsel she laughed at their fancy
And on the sailors she kept her eye.
When these two sailors came unto an ale-house,
There they did call for a pint of wine.
Saying: "Landlord, landlord, what fools in this
Nation!
This young maid from her eggs we've twined.
O Landlord, landlord, bring us some bacon
We have these eggs and we'll have some dressed. "
Behold, these sailors were much mistaken
As you shall say when you hear the rest.
'Twas then the landlord he went to the basket
Expecting of some eggs to find.
He said: "Young man, you're much mistaken,
Instead of eggs I've found a child. "
Then one of them sat down to weeping
The other said: "It's not worth while.
Here's fifty guineas I'll give to the baby
If any woman will take the child. "
The pretty young damsel she sat by the fire,
And she had a shawl drawn over her face.
She said: "I'll take it and kindly use it
When first I see the money paid. "
One of the sailors threw down the money
Great favor to the babe was shown.
"Since it is so, then let's be friendly
For you know this child it is your own. "
"Don't you remember a-dancing with Nancy
As long ago as last Easter day? "
"Oh yes and I do and she pleased my fancy
So now the fiddler I have paid. "
One of the sailors went up to the basket
And he kicked the basket o'er and o'er.
"Since it is so, may we all be contented
But I'm hanged if I'll like eggs any more! "
See also quarerye and xmasgoos(?)
Filename[ basketeg
Play. Exe basketeg
Rg
===Document boundary===