Artist: lloyd
Title: atl_tales_ride_wit_me
Genre: Jazz
Subgenres: [u'Hard Bop', u'Crossover Jazz', u'Avant-Garde Jazz', u'Jazz Instrument', u'Post-Bop', u'Saxophone Jazz']

Song:

[Intro]
[Talking]
Nobody cares (Trouble's like a cancer, you gotta get it early, if you don't get it early it gets too big and it kills you)
Nobody cares (that's why u gotta cut it out)
Nobody CARES, Capisce, worry about yourself, your family, and people that are important to you
(Let me tell you something, when you're alone late at night in the bed, just you and her under the covers)
[Youre only allowed three great women in your lifetime
They come along like the great fighters once every ten years]
"Is it better to be loved or feard?"
(you gotta do what ur heart tells you)
U think a gun makes you a tough guy.
I've seen more gus with guns wet the bed, cause that's when the other guy has a gun
"that's a good question, both can be difficult, but if i had my choice i would be feard, you see fear lasts longer than love"
[Beat starts]
Yeah
Hell, yeah
I'd like to welcome everybody to this side of the world of Murder INC.
And I'd like to introduce to y'all,
My nigga,
ATL's own
Lloyd

Verse 1: Lloyd
Ladies come step inside wit me, take this ride wit me to see the top of the globe.
Courtesy of Murder INC's provider of privacy, nobody you know.
Yeah I know I brought the mob wit me, 'cause obviously a lotta niggaz snitch on the low.
Just open your eyes and see what the blind's eyes are told.
And I realize how niggaz fantasize and the unreal truth is sold to the
Youth, while other try to provide their souls to the booth,
FUCK that, I'm bustin' back through the roof.
Thumbtack to lie, hardtop to drop, show em how to rock and roll, and roll and rock, how
To re locate and open shop bringin' everything I know I've got.

Chorus
Ain't no stopping what we doin',
Feels like I've been waiting a while,
Spent a lotta time comin' around.
So we gon' keep on moving,
'cause my time is here and now, right here and now.

Verse 2: Lloyd
Niggas come take this ride wit me, break some pot wit seed on the side of the road. Where
Everyday different bodies to count, niggas is rotting away, getting dropped in a hole. Follow me
To armed robberies come hide wit me, and keep your eyes on watch for the po's. 'cause they don't know how
To ride but we be hotter so build up your chest. Getting wiped away better build up your rep.
'cause my niggas cash checks from Hollis to the deck. Holla em at my nigga I gotta good connect.
I'll be in front the complex polishing the Lex. Red rollin' baguettes, Retro but fresh, nuff
Money in stacks, the best of the best. When it's all said and done it's the time u invest, you
Just gotta do it for yourself.

[Chorus]
Ain't no stopping what we doin',
Feels like I've been waiting a while,
Spent a lotta time comin' around.
So we gon' keep on moving,
'cause my time is here and now, right here and now.

Verse 3: Ja Rule
Lookie here my little nigga, lemme talk to you for a minute, lemme tell you bout this business
And these cats who's in it. 'Bout these fake ass bitches and these bitch ass niggas. How to spot
The cowards from the killas. The flow is from the spinners, this industry is all smokin' lyrics,
So we real street niggaz, our focus is to finish niggaz off. How often do wee put a nigga on, so
You must be the chosen one do it proudly son. Neva leave your residence without your gun, 'cause
You'd rather be caught wit it than without one. Trust me, I'm like that old gangsta named Lucky,
Niggas know that my hands are dirty but still can't touch me. In this game if you're clean you
Can get all the money when you start getting dirty and they look at you funny. 'cause this a Bronx
Tale like you know wit Sonny. And that bus don't stop for everybody that call it. Keep your nose clean
When fuckin' wit addicts and alcoholics. 'cause they runnin' the hood for ya. That's ATL for ya New
York's no different, so's LA and Miami, that's hotter for riches. And keep your eyes on he
Snitches and front-ass niggas that claim to be gangstas and sue as soon as you split em. It's a
Cold world, be grateful that the Lord's forgiving and be happy that you ain't dead or sitting in
Prison,
My nigga.

[Outro: Lloyd]
Ladies come take this ride wit me.
Niggas come take a stride wit me.
Ladies come take this ride wit me.
Niggas come take a stride wit me.

Murder Inc.