Artist: lloyd
Title: bang
Genre: Jazz
Subgenres: [u'Hard Bop', u'Crossover Jazz', u'Avant-Garde Jazz', u'Jazz Instrument', u'Post-Bop', u'Saxophone Jazz']

Song:

J, what we do, what we do?
Look,, listen
You got them funny colors on, take it off
If you in the club with ice on, we takin' off
I thought you was a gangsta, you better shake it off
What? Sh-sh-shake it off or get on
Gettin' my on, red strings on
Louis Vuitton kicks, Louis Vuitton frames on
Louis Vuitton belt holdin' the
You know who I am, I'm Mr. Westside
This West West or nothin', get your get your flag
Gangstas, we love to sag, we it back and
Like booyaka booyaka, we lay the party down
G-G-Game, Dogg Pound, everybody get down
Look, I nurture and breed
I ain't never gave a about a needs
And try to invade our town
I'ma lay 'em down, spray the and get out
Say goodbye to the '64, hello to the '6-trey
He ain't never seen hydraulics, look at his face
Up, down, now watch my scrape
Daz call Snoop, I'ma walk to get Dre
And bounce back, heat on the track
Dribble like Wade and bounce like Shaq
Throw a in the pot and watch it bounce right back
Like that, like that? Like that
You got them funny colors on, take it off
If you in the club with ice on, we takin' off
I thought you was a gangsta, you better shake it off
What? Sh-sh-shake it off or get on
We street connected, respected, I gets pathetic
When I did it, I must admit it, so go and rep it
Lil' homies around here constantly on smash mode
Lil' with that blowin' out your
How we give it, the culture that we live in
Fresh out the hospital or fresh out the prison
Real for life, the roots of the G tree
N.W.A., Dr. D R E
We not S T A R's, we don't put stars in our shoes
We put the whole car on the shoes
You don't wanna see my car on the news
I'll 'Set It Off' like Queen Latifah, red beam on the
Chippin' in traffic, dippin' the classic
Dippin' to classics, whoopin' that
It's hood, ready to get it, your can get it
'Cause I know she'll in less than a minute
Cuz, I'ma have to show him where the house at
Two milli situational attack
In the back with a sack, Cadillac all black
Like this and like that
Bang, broken like glass and plastic
Out on him with the mask and plastic
We got access to massive
Purchased last week, DPG, C
You got them funny colors on, take it off
If you in the club with ice on, we takin' off
I thought you was a gangsta, you better shake it off
What? Sh-sh-shake it off or get on
Here come them outta town what up, ?
What up, cuz? They don't even know what 2Pac first album was
Should I tell 'em, ? Nah, 'em, loc
Me and Kurupt three-wheelin' on the hundred spokes
Dash, brake, bounce and scrape
Run up on the '64, see the
Like Eazy, like Dre
Like Snoop, in L.A.
Like
From now on, wear a Bathing Ape hoodie, get stripped in the club
Like a in the club, watch him strip in the club
You like ice creams? Get a banana split in the club
No jewelry, you can't wear in the club
And that go for every in the club
So you better take it off 'fore you get in the club
Game and Dogg Pound along side sittin' on dubs, remember that
You got them funny colors on, take it off
If you in the club with ice on, we takin' off
I thought you was a gangsta, you better shake it off
What? Sh-sh-shake it off or get on