Artist: mc_hammer
Title: crime_story
Genre: Rap
Subgenres: [u'Pop-Rap', u'Party Rap']

Song:

Crime Stories, you get, boy, no glory
Not in these Crime Stories
I'm tellin' you right now, you get no glory

Scene I:

Too-Big and the Hammer rollin' on a hit
Knives in our hands to the sound of the click [click!]
And now we're ready, we hit the swoove
Windows ease down we sprang their crews
[P-P-P-P-P-P-Pow! Pow! {woman screams}]
Eight fools dead, a baby too
You ask me how I'm livin'... This hit's for you
But that's not all we got the prize
A mother in the kitchen, now y'all, she's dead inside!

Yeah, we took the suckers out, they know what time it is now!

Crime Stories, homeboys, you get no glory
Not in these Crime Stories
You ain't gettin' on that... No glory

Scene ii: "Me And Too-Big At The Club"

Too-Big and the Hammer kickin' it at the club
Boostin' about the way that we pulled those sucker's plugs
We weren't worried, n'all! We didn't care
When you're in this war, yo! All is fair!
A tap on my shoulder, I turn around
Too-Big is dyin' fast, he's on the ground
I reach for my gat, it was too late
The knives went pointblank range [click! Click!] in my face

Yo! They opened fire and took me out [Pow! Pow!]
Somebody tell my mother "I love her, man!"

Crime Stories, boy, you get no glory
I'm not going to mislead my brothers
Crime Stories, I'm tellin' ya right now, ah, will they talk? No glory

Scene iii: "The Pimpin' Game"

Now I'm pimpin' these berries, got to get that money
Those suckers still payin' for a little bit of honey
Nothin' in this world can stop my flow
Aids ain't done nothin' but help my business grow
My babes are trained to make that dollar
To take you out, fool, it ain't no bother
You dropped your pants, you'll pay the price
Your money may be aids, fool, and then your life

Yeah, that's right 'cause a pimp will get to make it, you know what I'm sayin' here!

We're talkin' about Crime Stories
And I ain't givin' up no propers, no glory
Not to those suckers talkin' about how they was locked up
Crime Stories, all the real brothers have been locked up and we know you don't wanna go back... No glory

Scene iv: "The Pimp Got Took Out By Barry's Brother"

We got this tip on some new fresh bait
Money in their heads and they could hardly wait
My girls went to their room to make the play
Two suckers at once, yeah, would make my day
Now I'm outside some suckers walk up
Talkin' real hard about smokin' my butt!
He pushed the button, the blade came out
Cut me on my throat and then a bullet in my mouth [Pow!]

I've got some devils that all the babes in hell, maybe he'll let me work with him? Ssssh...

Crime Stories, I'm tellin' ya, man, you get no glory
'Cause I'm not gonna mislead my young brothers
Crime Stories, if you ever been locked up, you know the true stories, no glory
And I'd like to say this before we get outta here!

Spoken:
To my brothers in the game, my brothers weren't out
They're doin' what they feel they've got to do
I wanna ask you one favour, let's let the young kids... 10... 11... 12 years old
Let's let them go on and do their thing at the schoolhouse!
Let's give them a chance to make it
Let's give them a chance at a different life
You doin' what you feel you have to do
But the youngsters and they don't know any better
So we want to give them a chance to live
I mean life is precious, and you know that yourself
And you try to make a better life for yourself...
So what I'm sayin' is from the bottom of my heart, let the kids be
Help the children lead to another way
And peace from you! And I love you! And I'm outta here!