Artist: national_anthem
Title: australia_anthem_text
Genre: Rap
Subgenres: []

Song:

Advance australia fair
Advance Australia Fair (The National Anthem of Australia) was composed by Peter Dodds
Mccormick sometime around
The turn of this century. Several versions with different combinations of the verses are
Found in different references. Some
Australian governments seemed to disapprove of the sentiment of some of these verses,
And passively discouraged their
Remembrance. Consequently, several of these verses are very difficult to find unless one
Searches for old and original references.
God Save The Queen is also sung as The Australian Royal Anthem.
Australians all let us rejoice,
For we are young and free;
We've golden soil and wealth for toil,
Our home is girt by sea;
Our land abounds in Nature's gifts
Of beauty rich and rare;
In history's page, let every stage
Advance Australia fair!
In joyful strains then let us sing,
"Advance Australia fair!"
When gallant Cook from Albion sail'd,
To trace wide oceans o'er,
True British courage bore him on,
Till he landed on our shore.
Then here he raised Old England's flag,
The standard of the brave;
With all her faults we love her still,
"Brittannia rules the wave!"
In joyful strains then let us sing
"Advance Australia fair!"
Beneath our radiant southern Cross,
We'll toil with hearts and hands;
To make this Commonwealth of ours
Renowned of all the lands;
For those who've come across the seas
We've bounblockquoteess plains to share;
With courage let us all combine
To advance Australia fair.
In joyful strains then let us sing
"Advance Australia fair!"
While other nations of the globe
Behold us from afar,
We'll rise to high renown and shine
Like our glorious southern star;
From England, Scotia, Erin's Isle,
Who come our lot to share,
Let all combine with heart and hand
To advance Australia fair!
In joyful strains then let us sing
"Advance Australia fair!"
Shou'd foreign foe e'er sight our coast,
Or dare a foot to land,
We'll rouse to arms like sires of yore
To guard our native strand;
Brittannia the shall surely know,
Beyond wide ocean's roll,
Her sons in fair Australia's land
Still keep a British soul.
In joyful strains the let us sing
"Advance Australia fair!"
Dr Sharwood's revised version.
An alternative set of verses to Advance Australia Fair has been written by Dr Robin
Lorimer Sharwood, fourth Warden of
Trinity College in The University of Melbourne. This is now the official version for use
Within St Paul's Cathedral Melbourne.
This version may be reproduced without permission provided due acknowledgement is
Made and no alterations are made to the
Words.
O God, who made this ancient land,
And set it round with sea,
Sustain us all who dwell herein,
One people strong and free.
Grant we may guard it's generous gifts,
It's beauty rich and rare.
In your great name, may we proclaim,
'Advance, Australia fair! '
With thankful hearts then let us sing,
'Advance Australia, fair! '
Your star-bright Cross aslant our skies
Gives promise sure and true
That we may know this land of ours
A nation blessed by You.
May all who come within it's bounds
It's peace and plenty share,
And grant that we may prayerfully
Advance Australia fair.
With thankful hearts then let us sing,
'Advance, Australia fair! '
Sent by Carlos Andrй Pereira da Silva Branco