Artist: nelly
Title: 10_plus_1
Genre: Rap
Subgenres: [u'Party Rap', u'Pop-Rap', u'Urban']

Song:

Yo x3. I can spend a lifetime watching lifetime wit
Ya, bless your finer a** so take your lifeline wit
Ya. I wanna take it back old school wit ya,
Match ya heel figures when I first saw the pictures.
Trip to six flags hell yea I'll take you there.
Jumpshot porta mah pick a teddy bear.
G4 pay 4 take us anywhere, aint nuthin but a goodlife waitin over here.

Wait by the phone, waiting for her call.
Hold untill you hear hello.
And now that we are here, I've got to let ya know.
That I'll never leave you alone.

See I can't wait till you get home,
So don't you take too long.
And if lovin you is so dead wrong,
Then I can't help you sooo.
Cos she don't really know what she means to me baby,
Coz bein alone before. But I wont have to search for
No other girl, no, to know what I know. Your the perfect 10 plus 1.

You know it's better here than anywhere out there,
My door is always open to you.
See I've been all round this world and I've seen so
Many girls but no one else compares to you.

See I can't wait till you get home,
So don't you take too long.
And if lovin you is so dead wrong.
Then I can't help you sooo.
Cos she don't really know what she means to me baby,
Coz bein alone before. But I wont have to search for
No other girl, no, to know what I know. Your the perfect 10 plus 1.

You're perfect one plus 1, perfect one for me to say I do.

Yeah x3. Hey yo I've sworn by victoria's and picked
You up in secret. I can't tell you that,
I need you to keep it. And it's like brodo with a tab
In lace, c'mon ya know your man got taste.
Go and catwalk for me infront of the fireplace,
Starin down my place with my hands my waist.
Now I don't eat beef but I'll eat that steak.
Your hot, your body blowin up the fully taken taste.

She don't really know what she means to me baby,
Coz bein alone before. But I wont have to search for
No other girl, no, to know what I know. Your the perfect 10 plus 1.