Artist: prince
Title: 2gether
Genre: R&B
Subgenres: [u'Club/Dance', u'Soul', u'Urban', u'Adult Contemporary R&B', u'Contemporary Pop/Rock', u'Contemporary R&B', u'Dance-Rock', u'Funk', u'Alternative/Indie Rock', u'Dance-Pop', u'Neo-Psychedelia']

Song:

Yeah
2gether

Your boy got popped in a driveby yesterday
He'll be lucky if he makes it through the night is what the doctors say
U can take revenge or U can be the one 2 break the chain
U look up in the sky 4 an answer and it starts 2 rain

CHORUS:
What are we (What are we) if we're not 2gether? (If we're not 2gether)
How do we (How do we) make a life that's better? (Yeah)
Cuz when we (Cuz when we) be killin' one another (Take each other out)
How do we (Huh, how) call each other brother? (Mmm, check it)
U tell me

What's the chance of a brother gettin' off the block?
What's the chance, not a damn if all he wanna do is sell chicken wings and the rock
(Chicken wing and the rock)
U can blame the system, U can be the one 2 even the score, huh
Yeah, huh, U look up in the sky 4 an answer and it starts 2 pour
Drop it, huh

What are we (What are we) if we're not 2gether? (If we're not 2gether)
How do we (How do we) make a life that's better? (Yeah)
Cuz when we (Cuz when we) be killin' one another (Take each other out)
How do we (Huh, how) call each other brother?
U tell me (Tell'em)

Why is slangin' them thangs, coppin' a stroll, flashin' a sign
Key topics on a young black mind?
Cuz it's the picture that we give'em and they illustrate
Black on black genocide has started 2 escalate
Every brother ain't a brother cuz o' color, this is true
But I can still say 2 my brother "Much love boo"
Please Lord, give me the strength and make it quick
Cuz my people won't take another nightstick, huh

What are we (What are we) if we're not 2gether? (If we're not 2gether)
How do we (And how do we) make a life that's better? (Yeah)
Cuz when we (Cuz when we) be killin' one another (Take each other out)
How do we (How do we) (I don't know) call each other brother?
U tell me

What are we if we're not 2gether? (The New Power Generation)
How do we make a life that's better? (Straight up 4 '93)
Cuz when we (Come on) (Killin' one another) be killin' one another
(Come on, come on)
(How do we) How do we call each other brother?
U tell me (Yeah)

Yo, it's simple
From the old 2 the young
2 uplift we must give the gift
Gift of knowledge, that is
Teach our young
That all in life ain't fun
And 2 make a life that's better
My people must stick 2gether
The choice is yours

CHORUS

What are we (What are we) if we're not 2gether? (If we're not 2gether)
How do we (How do we) make a life that's better? (2gether)
Cuz when we (Cuz when we) be killin' one another (Be killin' one another)
How do we (How do we) call each other brother?
U tell me

2gether {x2}