Artist: q_tip
Title: do_it_see_it_be_it
Genre: Rap
Subgenres: [u'Alternative Rap', u'East Coast Rap']

Song:

Bonus* song after end of time For

real Erybodys. a star erybody, shine (shine Shine. Shine. )...Follow
your heart and not mankind (kind. Kind. Kind. )...For
real for, real I'm. bout to do my thing to shine Said. everybody Shine
Cmon. Its.

not luck that I'm sittin here spittin for yall Preeld.
in by allah that I'm hittin for yall Growin.
up on the new york concrete lookin Lilke
a little snotty dish of prodigy cookin They.
called me little man all in the boulevard When.
I was young my, family used to party hard Gangs.
of uncatched kids turned to blood ketchup The.
illest n s****was richard pryor and ronnie bump Skinned.
knees from being bad-a little** boys Police.
si-re-ns and baby screams was average noise Hip-hop.
came the, ghetto copped the soundtrack Street.
poetry to tracks could, you beat that Malik?
taylor introduced it to me He.
said forget, benny hill n, a***Lets. M C. Twelve.!
years old rhymin, in the backroom For.
echoes we, used to rhyme in the bathroom Run-d.
M. C. slick., rick and doug E Fresh. The.
juice crew rule but whos this n a***krs Reference?
points too, many to wish for Battlin.
n s****on trains I, stay raw Never.
let my dream die I.
was happy and high goin to alees and bed-stuy We
made our first demo tape Ex-cited.
like a mawfucka lookin, for our first break I.

knowwwwwwwwww (freal... ).you can do it Be.
abidin chyall, (listen. to the story I tell yo, Freal. ).I
knowwwwwwwwww (don't... let em hate to front you ).You
can see it (get.
up and follow me and flow again Use. my life as an example ).Do
it and, see it and, be nobody else Jungle!

brothers de, la they, gave me little light In.
top three, feet buddy, that, was aiiight One.
year later the, tribe was initiated Bonita.
came it, was wild how she dominated Can.
I kick it parled us to our next phase So.
drunk in those days I, truly was amazed How
I got up enough to make tunes People. Cheered
me It. was foreign then, came low end theory People.
quickly reconized who we are Phife,
is I'll and busta is a superstar Tours.
with P E. naughty., and, the geto boys Arsenio.
hall women, then were evil toys Whisperin.
hate inside my brothers virgin ears Tryin.
to hurt but yo, we, stood amongst the tears Midnight.
was even tighter now, look at us Condoms.
is on the rida stored on the bus It.
got funky right here I, had to save my life In.
the snow after the show I, had a fight wit phife Moves.
to a land to get away but back home Job
was urkin us it, sent me throuh a danger zone The.
good thing I, found allah in the process An.
angel appeared wit sneaky ways and gave me stress Now.
what am I to do My?
albums platinum but I'm still feelin blue Cmon. Yeeeeeeeeeeeah.

Yeeeeeeeeeeeah.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeah.
(you. can do it ).Yeeeeeeeeeeeah
Yeeeeeeeeeeeah.
(I. knowwww ).Yeeeeeeeeeeeah
Yeeeeeeeeeeeah.
(you. can see it ).Yeeeeeeeeeeeaeeeeeeaaaeeeeeah
Makin.

my way the, wilderness has grown fierce Redemption.
and my heart both, of them was pierced Crashed.
my truck didn't, think I'd make it out Had.
a hit on my life he, thought I screwed his wife Plus!
my house burned down me, and ands was in it My.
crew was tired and I knew we had to end it But.
through all of this I'm, still here Take.
notes and let hope floats I'm.
still here Take. note and let hope float |.
I knowwwwwwwwww I'm...
still here Take. notes and let hope float You.
can do the same s t**that I'm doin |.
you can do it You.
can do the same thing that I'm doin Uh-huh. |.
be abidin chyall, I'm.
still here take, note let, it Uh-hah... |.
I knowwwwwwwwww Still...
here take, notes and let it float Ha-ha. Still.
here take, And... let it |...
you can see it You.
can do the same thing I'm doin Thing. that I'm doin |.
do it and, see it and, be nobody else Still!
here take, And... let it Uh-hah... |.
I knowwwwwwwwww Still...
here take, notes let, it float Cmon. Still.
here take, notes let, it float Cmon. |.
you can do it Do.
the same thing that I'm doin if ya pay attention |.
be abidin chyall, |.
I knowwwwwwwwww |...
|
you can see it |.
do it and, see it and, be nobody else 