Artist: ray_stevens
Title: bridget_the_midget_the_queen_of_the_blues
Genre: Country
Subgenres: [u'Country Comedy', u'Country-Pop', u'Novelty', u'AM Pop', u'Contemporary Pop/Rock', u'Traditional Country', u'Comedy']

Song:

Well come on down to the go-go we're down on the strip
If you want to get hip to a brand new trip
They got a new soul singer she's really dynamite
Jam up, jelly tight, outta sight, alright, ow!

Well she may be small just two feet tall
But if you give her half a chance she'll pin you to the wall
She's a little showstopper you're gonna have a ball
She can sing she can dance she can really do it all yeah

And now ladies and gentlemen without further ado
It is indeed a great pleasure to introduce to you
Held over three weeks and gettin' rave reviews
Here's Bridget the Midget the Queen of the Blues

Here's Bridget!
Thank you folks thank you
I wanna know something
Do ya feel alright? (Yeah!)
Aw come on now you can do better than that
Do ya feel alright? (Yeah!)
Wow you know that makes me feel so good
Let me hear it again
Do ya feel alright? (Yeah!)
Wooo hoo-hoo hoo-hoo, yeah-yeah yeah-yeah
Alright alright here we go now
Is everybody ready? (Yeah!)
Here we go everybody sock it to me
Yooo-oo-ooo (Yooo-oo-ooo)
Yoooooo-oo-ooo (Yoooooo-oo-ooo)
Ooohhhh yeahhhhh (Ooohhhh yeahhhhh)

Well come on everybody have you heard the news
Bridget's in town put on your rockin' shoes
Into my bag and doin' my thing
Rock it to me sock it to me listen to me sing
Singin' oooohhhh dooby dooby dooby doo wa wa wa yeah yeah (scatting)

(Oh I dig it, I really dig it)
(Hey get away from the stage there fella)
(But I dig it, oh, oh)

Now folks get ready for an extra-special treat
She can lay down a beat she's a real entrancer
Here's Bridget the Midget and her flying feet
The world's one and only go-go tapdancer, go!

(Taps and giggles)

(Oh I dig it, I really dig it)
(Hey sit down buddy you can't come up on the stage)
(But I dig it, oh)

Now here's the moment we've all waited for
Three singin' little cuties that we all adore
You've heard 'em with Bridget on all of her hits
They lay down a groove and the sound never quits
They got what it takes there ain't no doubt
Strawberry and the Shortcakes work it on out, ow!

Shooby doo-wop wop wop yeah
Shooby doo-wop wop wop wow
Shooby doo-wop wop wop
Let me hear it how 'bout that
Shooby doo-wop wop wop
Shooby doo-wop wop wop yeah
Shooby doo-wop wop wop well

Come on everybody have you heard the news
Bridget's in town put on your rockin' shoes
I'm into my bag I'm doin' my thing
Rock it to me sock it to me listen to me sing, singin'
(Combined scatting shooby doo-wop wop wop)

(Oh I dig it, I really dig it)
(Hey watch it you can't do that fella)
(But I dig it, I love you Bridget!)
(Get back there! Back! Back!)
(I dig it! Dig-it-dig-it-dig-it-dig-it)