Artist: sleeping_with_sirens
Title: congratulations
Genre: Pop/Rock
Subgenres: [u'Alternative Pop/Rock', u'Alternative/Indie Rock', u'Emo-Pop']

Song:

Welcome to a brand new generation.
You don't know, so let me help you understand,
You see, you try to build yourself a reputation,
So you can prove to everyone
That you're the man, yeah.
So why is it us that make you feel so helpless? Ooh
You better get it out while you still can (while you still can).
'Cause when those lights go on around you,
And nobody gives a damn.
You're gonna wish that you had taken our advice, that's right.

I've been down, in and out,
Now I can't keep my face off a cover.
That ain't what it's about,
You still have so much left to learn.
(Hey, hey, hey)

Congratulations (congratulations).
They say you're the man (they say you're the man).
Congratulations (congratulations).
You see I do what you can't (see I do what you can't).
And until they go and take my name off of the shelves (guess what?)
Congratulations.
We're gonna give you hell!
Get 'em, Matty

They try to do it like me,
But they do it all wrong.
I'll pass the torch when someone better comes along (Yeah right).
Congratulations to every label that ever turned me down,
Me and my top 20 record aren't too worried about it now.
I hope this lesson taught is a lesson learned,
Now go and bury your head while me and Kellin rule the world!

Congratulations (congratulations).
They say you're the man (yes, I am).
Congratulations (congratulations).
You see I do what you can't (see I do what you can't).
And until they go and take my name off of the shelves,
Congratulations (congratulations, congratulations)

(Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)
Let's give them hell!

Could you please give us the spotlight?
'Cause I have something to say,
You may not like the subject,
But I'll say this anyway.
We're so sick of all this so-called,
Shitty music that you play,
So could you please do us a favor
Stay the f**k out of our way!

Congratulations (congratulations).
They say you're the man (they say you're the man).
Congratulations (congratulations).
You see I do what you can't (you see I do what you can't, oh).
And until they go and take my name off of the shelves, oh
Please, 'cause I need to make more room for myself, oh, is that good?
Congratulations!