Artist: tenacious_d
Title: ballad_of_hollywood_jack_and_the_rage_kage
Genre: Pop/Rock
Subgenres: [u'Comedy Rock', u'Hard Rock', u'Heavy Metal']

Song:

This is the ballad of Hollywood Jack and the Rage Kage
Nothing could stop them when Jables and Rage hit the stage
And Hollywood Jack hit the big time and when to make movies
Rage Kage was left far behind in the dust of his dreams

And he grumbled and growled and watched Hollywood Jack on Jay Leno
He bellowed and said he'd be nothing without help from Kage
He burned up the photos of Jables and Kage doing mushrooms
"Fuck him, I don't need no Hollywood Jack anyway"

So Hollywood Jack lived up high on a hill in a bubble
And Rage Kage live deep in the broiling valley below

Yes, the Rage Kage bubbled with rage
He looked at the ground
And he looked on the stage
The lava was flowing
And boiling inside the old Kage

As Hollywood Jack climbed the ladder of stardom before him
He watched as his indie credentials flew right out the door
He'd make millions and then he'd go out and he'd make even more millions
He'd screen kg's calls and snort coke of the a** of a w***e

No one respected him
They just rejected him
No one would represent Kage
Left on the streets of his dreams
He'd would cry, and he'd rage for the stage

Ahahaaa

[Solo]

Then Hollywood Jack got a message that Kage was in trouble
They sent Kage away cause he had gone completely insane
So Hollywood Jack jumped upon a jetplane and flew all that night through the rain
To be with his friend to see what remained of his brain
Then Hollywood Jack told the doctors, "You got to retrieve him!
You've got the technology, use the techniques of your trade! "
He grabbed their lapels and he screamed, "by god you must save him!
Because Rage Kage and I; can't you see that we're one and the same! "

Aaaah!

Rage kage!
Oh rage kage!
There'd be magic inside that old name
And you know that you know
When you're going completely insane

Oh the Rage Kage!
Oh the Rage Kage!
Oh the lion will roam once again

And you know
Yes you know
When you're going completely insane

Nothing and no one could harm the old Rage Kage again,
Nothing and no one could harm the old Rage Kage again,
Nothing and no one could harm the old Rage Kage again,
Nothing and no one could harm the old Rage Kage again,
Nothing and no one could harm the old Rage Kage again,
Hollywood Jack and the Rage Kage will ride once again.