Artist: the_wiggles
Title: camera_one
Genre: R&B
Subgenres: [u'Contemporary R&B', u'Pop']

Song:

Greg: ok camera operators, let's get ready to roll!
Camera one, are you ready?
Dominic: Ready for the camera.
Camera two, are you?
Joseph: Camera two is ready.
Camera three has the Captain at the held.
Captain: Oh I'm all ready, Mr. Director.
Greg: ok!
Camera one, zoom in
Dominic: Okey-dokey, Director.
Camera two, zoom out
Joseph: Okey-dokey, Director.
Camera three try and get the close-up
Captain: Oh, camera three. Oh, that's me. Oh, of course, Mr. Director.
Wiggles: And everyone goes in and out
Up and down
Move about
Follow the action
Try a wide shot
Now a mid-shot
Go in close
You've captured the action
Greg: Yes, you've captured the action.
Wiggles: The wiggly action
Greg: Camera one, pull back
Dominic: Oh, what a great shot.
Camera two, do the same
Camera three, it's not the time to do a pirate jig.
Captain: Ho-ho, I couldn't help myself. I love dancing.
Greg: That's alright.
Camera one, well done
Dominic: Gee, this is fun.
Camera two, you beaut
Joseph: You beauty, director.
Camera three, you make tv seem so easy
Captain Feathersword: Ho-ho, thank you, Mr. Director.
Wiggles: And everyone goes in and out
Up and down
Move about
Follow the action
Try a wide shot
Now a mid-shot
Go in close
You've captured the action
Greg: Yes, you've captured the action.
Wiggles: The wiggly action
Greg: ok, camera operators, that's a wrap! Time to shake hands and pat yourselves on the back for a job well done. (Captain, Joseph and Dominic shake hands together.) Captain, you did a great job out there today. Well done.
Captain: Whoa-ho-ho! Oh, thank you very much, Greg. (chuckling and using his video camera) Oh hey, I think I might do some more filming.
Greg: Yeah, you might. You're a genius behind the camera, Captain.
Captain: Look at that bird over there. Oh, and that cat and those trees. Hoo-hoo! Oh and look at the posts on the harbor. I'll film that too. I'll film it every day.
Greg: Yes, Captain. The camera's yours.