Artist: the_searchers
Title: aggravation
Genre: R&B
Subgenres: [u'Contemporary R&B', u'Pop']

Song:

Life grinds one day after day ion the city streets and motorways
The tension speads just like a plague killin reason on the way
Like wildfire it speads through the nation
Choking us with aggravation

Who needs it?
The aggravatiopn, the daily goddam hassle
It's a bummer, who needs it who gives a dam?
Bumper to bumper in a traffic jam
Clench your jaw, getting all up tight
Breathing fumes, stuck in a tin can, trapped, trapped

Hate frustration, no escape
Glaring eyes all filled with hate
Arteries, throb, coronaries pound
Aggravation all around
Like wildfire it spreadas all through the nation
Choking us with aggravation

They won the peace, we lost the war
So what are we still fighting for
The highway's block, is this my end?
To follow a Mercedes benz?

Hey Mitzubishi and Toyota
Who said that the war was over?
Aggravations everywhere
Get outta my way, get out of my hair

Another jam, another day
Another hair is turning grey
I wanna scream, I wanna say
Get outta my hair, get out of my way

Who needs it?
Aggravation, aggravation

Had enough of all this aggravation
Tesion choking up, blockin my circulation
I've had enough, I've had enough of all this aggravation
While traffic jams and temper breaks, the city streets are full of hate
The lights are red, it's too late, how much can a poor man take?

Aggravation in my mind, my body and my soul
There's no solution to it all, it's out of control, out of control
Is it my imagination, am I sseing what is true?
If we are living in damnation
I'd live in hell to be with you, what more can I do?

I got a violent streak caused by
We're getting uptight, wanna fight, everybody back bite
Now, we can't turn back, the future's bleak
I gotta mean appetite, I gotta get my daily fix of aggravation
Don't push me 'cause I'm really pnmped, I'm ready when you are, punk
So step aside unless you're dumb, I'm all wound up with aggravation

Had enough of all this aggravation
Had enough, stress filled, mad intimidation
And it touches all the passers-by as do eat do to stay alive
Then moves on through the polulation till there's mass contamination
With violent streets, all filled with fear, pollution in the atmosphere
The ozone's gona and that's no fun, I've had enough of this, old son

Who needs it?
Aggravation
And I don't have any answers, I just got an attitude
Do what it takes just to survive it, another day but I'll get through
What more can I do?