Artist: vocaloid
Title: six_trillion_years_and_an_overnight_story
Genre: Electronic
Subgenres: []

Song:

Once a upon a time and place unknown
Lived a boy forgot and left all alone
No one knew what he could do or of this fairytale

Probably since before the day I was born
Call it fate but I was drowned with scorn
No one tried to be on my side so I'd turn the other cheek

I can't help my feeling sad
Though I guess it ain't too bad
Calling from the setting sun
Took my hand and flew away

Tell me why Tell me why
No one ever tells me why
Why they hate me and despise me when I haven't done a thing
In the rain all I feel is this never ending chill
But a trillion trillion trillion years had left me freezing cold

Can I die? Can I die?
I'm just waiting 'til I die
Never dreamed a single dream so kind in my entire life
No one knew, even cared for this fleeting fairy tail
Then it slipped into seething sun and soon it sailed away

All this time it bore right down to the core
All the pain had torn and left me sore
Right behind you had all this time been watching from my side

Cannot look or hear or speak to me
But you did "Your name, will you tell me it please?"
I can't give and I wish I did
But I just don't have the tongue

Crave a home I've never had
Though I guess it ain't too bad
"Let's just leave and go back home"
Take my hand and fly away

Tell me why Tell me why
No one ever tells me why
Why you think you're just a kid when you can do so many things
On my own never known of this light leading me home
But a trillion trillion trillion years had taught me I'm alone

"Can I try? Can I try?"
"Never know until I try"
But they'll kill you if they see you trying now to save my life
In the rain all we feel is this never ending chill
But we'll slip into the seething sun and soon we'll sail away

Day is done now and soon the dawn will break
Play 'til we drop so that we'll never have to wake
What if this place was made of only me and you?
If just the world and everyone would all go away
If just the world and everyone would all go away

Tell me why Tell me why
A small voice will tell me why
No it's not the voice of you or I but
All man kind
Can't resist, we'll be missed That's a lie but I insist
That we'll slip into the seething sun and soon we'll sail away

Tell me why Tell me why
Though you answer to me "why?"
What's your name and where're we going? But hell that's the fun of life!
In the rain I don't care just as long as you are there
'Cause a trillion trillion trillion years had left me thinking clear

Tell me why, tell me dear
There's ringing in my ear

Then we slipped into the seething sun and finally sailed away!