Artist: ween
Title: 2112_rush_cover
Genre: Pop/Rock
Subgenres: [u'Alternative Pop/Rock', u'Alternative/Indie Rock', u'Comedy Rock', u'Indie Rock', u'Lo-Fi']

Song:

"2112" was written by Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson, and Neil Pert of the band, Rush.

"I lie awake, staring out at the bleakness of Megadon. City and sky become one,
Merging into a single plane, a vast sea of unbroken grey. The Twin Moons, just
Two pale orbs as they trace their way across the steely sky. I used to think I
Had a pretty good life here, just plugging into my machine for the day, then
Watching Templevision or reading a Temple Paper in the evening.

"My friend Jon always said it was nicer here than under the atmospheric domes
Of the Outer Planets. We have had peace since 2062, when the surviving planets
Were banded together under the Red Star of the Solar Federation. The less
Fortunate gave us a few new moons.
I believed what I was told. I thought it was a good life, I thought I was
Happy. Then I found something that changed it all..."

I. Overture
"And the meek shall inherit the earth."

II. The Temples of Syrinx
... "The massive grey walls of the Temples rise from the heart of every
Federation city. I have always been awed by them, to think that every single
Facet of every life is regulated and directed from within! Our books, our
Music, our work and play are all looked after by the benevolent wisdom of the
Priests..."
We've taken care of everything
The words you hear the songs you sing
The pictures that give pleasure to your eyes
It's one for all and all for one
We work together common sons
Never need to wonder how or why

We are the Priests of the Temples of Syrinx
Our great computers fill the hallowed halls
We are the Priests of the Temples of Syrinx
All the gifts of life are held within our walls

Look around this world we made
Equality our stock in trade
Come and join the Brotherhood of Man
Oh what a nice contented world
Let the banners be unfurled
Hold the Red Star proudly high in hand

We are the Priests of the Temples of Syrinx
Our great computers fill the hallowed halls.
We are the Priests of the Temples of Syrinx
All the gifts of life are held within our walls.

III. Discovery
... "Behind my beloved waterfall, in the little room that was hidden beneath
The cave, I found it. I brushed away the dust of the years, and picked it up,
Holding it reverently in my hands. I had no idea what it might be, but it was
Beautiful" ...
... "I learned to lay my fingers across the wires, and to turn the keys to make
Them sound differently. As I struck the wires with my other hand, I produced my
First harmonious sounds, and soon my own music! How different it could be from
The music of the Temples! I can't wait to tell the priests about it! ..."

What can this strange device be?
When I touch it, it gives forth a sound
It's got wires that vibrate and give music
What can this thing be that I found?

See how it sings like a sad heart
And joyously screams out it's pain
Sounds that build high like a mountain
Or notes that fall gently like rain

I can't wait to share this new wonder
The people will all see it's light
Let them all make their own music
The Priests praise my name on this night

IV. Presentation
... "In the sudden silence as I finished playing, I looked up to a circle of
Grim, expressionless faces. Father Brown rose to his feet, and his somnolent
Voice echoed throughout the silent Temple Hall." ...
... "Instead of the grateful joy that I expected, they were words of quiet
Rejection! Instead of praise, sullen dismissal. I watched in shock and horror
As Father Brown ground my precious instrument to splinters beneath his feet..."

I know it's most unusual
To come before you so
But I've found an ancient miracle
I thought that you should know

Listen to my music
And hear what it can do
There's something here as strong as life
I know that it will reach you

Yes, we know it's nothing new
It's just a waste of time
We have no need for ancient ways
The world is doing fine

Another toy will help destroy
The elder race of man
Forget about your silly whim
It doesn't fit the plan, no!

I can't believe you're saying
These things just can't be true
Our world could use this beauty
Just think what we might do

Listen to my music
And hear what it can do
There's something here as strong as life
I know that it will reach you

Don't annoy us further
We have our work to do
Just think about the average
What use have they for you?

Another toy will help destroy
The elder race of man
Forget about your silly whim
It doesn't fit the plan

V. Oracle: The Dream
... "I guess it was a dream, but even now it all seems so vivid to me. Clearly
Yet I see the beckoning hand of the oracle as he stood at the summit of the
Staircase" ...
... "I see still the incredible beauty of the sculptured cities and the pure
Spirit of man revealed in the lives and works of this world. I was overwhelmed
By both wonder and understanding as I saw a completely different way to life, a
Way that had been crushed by the Federation long ago. I saw now how meaningless
Life had become with the loss of all these things ..."

I wandered home though the silent streets
And fell into a fitful sleep
Escape to realms beyond the night
Dream can't you show me the light?

I stand atop a spiral stair
An oracle confronts me there
He leads me on light years away
Through astral nights, galactic days

I see the works of gifted hands
That grace this strange and wondrous land
I see the hand of man arise
With hungry mind and open eyes

They left the planet long ago
The elder race still learn and grow
Their power grows with purpose strong
To claim the home where they belong
Home, to tear the Temples down...
Home, to change...

VI. Soliloquy
... "I have not left this cave for days now, it has become my last refuge in my
Total despair. I have only the music of the waterfall to comfort me now. I can
No longer live under the control of the Federation, but there is no other place
To go. My last hope is that with my death I may pass into the world of my
Dream, and know peace at last."

The sleep is still in my eyes
The dream is still in my head
I heave a sigh and sadly smile
And lie a while in bed
I wish that it might come to pass
Not fade like all my dreams

Just think of what my life might be
In a world like I have seen
I don't think I can carry on
Carry on this cold and empty life
Oh...noo!

My spirits are low in the depths of despair
My lifeblood spills over...

VII. Grand Finale
Attention all Planets of the Solar Federation
Attention all Planets of the Solar Federation
Attention all Planets of the Solar Federation
We have assumed control.
We have assumed control.
We have assumed control.