Artist: will_downing
Title: a_million_ways
Genre: R&B
Subgenres: [u'Club/Dance', u'Urban', u'Adult Contemporary R&B', u'Contemporary R&B']

Song:

Mmm... Hmm... Hmm... Hmm...
This one's for fellas

A million ways to please a woman (Yeah)
A million ways to please a woman (A million ways, a
Million ways)
A million ways to please a woman (Hear me now)
A million ways to (Ooh) please a woman

A million ways to please a woman
And when she's down, she needs a hug
That's the time to show her love
Or maybe just a foot rub

A million ways to please a woman
Don't talk a lot, listen instead
You wanna know, get in her head
'Cause makin' love just ain't in the bed, somebody say

Give her candy hearts and Hallmark cards
If that's what she likes
If you didn't know before
Then let this be your lesson of life (Million ways)

A million ways to please a woman (Hear me now)
A million ways to (Oh) please a woman (Million ways)
A million ways to (Oh) please a woman (Million ways to
Please)
A million ways to (Ooh, oh... Oh...) please a woman

A million ways to please a woman
You got to be her best friend
Let her now she can depend
Be her rock until the end

A million ways to please a woman
When she's in heat, she needs a freak
Represent, put her to sleep
Be a man, don't be weak
That's how you got to please a woman

Give her candy hearts and Hallmark cards (Mmm, mmm)
If that's what she likes (If that what she likes)
If you didn't know before
Then let this be the lesson of your life (Million ways
To please)

A million ways to (Oh) please a woman (Million ways)
A million ways to (Oh) please a woman (Hear me, yes)
A million ways to (Got to be a million ways) please a
Woman (To please her, please her)
A million ways to (Oh) please a woman (Got to be a
Million ways)

A million (A million, million ways, a million, million
Ways)
A million ways to (Oh) please a woman (Got to be a
Million ways)
A million (So give her a hug before you make love)
A million ways to (Million ways) please a woman

A million ways (Oh... Oh... Oh... Oh...)
Please a woman (Million, million ways)
A million ways to (To love her, a million ways to hug
Her)
A million ways to please a woman (A million ways)

A million ways to please a woman (So give her a hug)
A million ways to please a woman (Make love sweet
Love)
A million ways to please a woman