Artist: yelawolf
Title: box_chevy_v
Genre: Rap
Subgenres: [u'Dirty South', u'Southern Rap', u'Alternative Rap']

Song:

I'm at the gate like a race horse
Made in the A of course that... For Alabama,
I'll be damn if I say Georgia!
Tennessee and this b***h,
I got some Hennessey that's been paid for.
Gimmie that big bottle, f**k it, if I break it, I pay for!
My lady's laying in the Chevrolet, and I say, “Lord,
Thank you for giving me this baby girl on a swayed horse!”
Yeah, this ain't no game forward
I'm pushing both ties till I die
And them till my legs sore
Folks, I gotta sit for
Possible raining, siting in the floor
Better protect George!

Hook:
B***h, I'm in my Chevrolet, my box Chevrolet
Got that... In case you want to lay
I'm in my Chevrolet, my box Chevrolet
Let's go get you oky doke
And ride all round all day.

Still, hitting 'em corners in the low pros, girl
I'm an American rock and roll Grammy, baby
Five generations have taken pictures with grand dames
The Chevrolet slim shady, there's no way you can save me!
Best bo flex, you've never seen such
Word on my window, like who I am doesn't mean much
Burning, tread up a thousand dollars, my ties with a clean touch
Six hundred horses running behind a mean clutch.

Hook:
B***h, I'm in my Chevrolet, my box Chevrolet
Got that... In case you want to lay
I'm in my Chevrolet, my box Chevrolet
Let's go get you oky doke
And ride all round all day.

Yeah, windows wash, dripping like a glass house
It's craze on the dash, leather is smelling like Ralph Lauren
Feel like I'm watching television on a couch Lauren
I must be dreaming, leaning back inside the chariot.
Get on the back of this truck, my... I carry it
Watch Alice in Wonderland, fill up my cup with Jack D
And get my f*****g keys, so that I don't wreck it
Let me come sit on the passenger's side and check it
How does it feel from over here? Oh, bless it!
This is for all the Chevies that I collect it
Big trucks, low riders, whatever the best is to you
Man, I just wanna give you a message, oh
I used to sit on sidewalks like every day
Watching.. And trunks, and don't skip hella pay
But I just.. My vision and never quitting
And man, I'm sitting in my vision with a vision to celebrate.

Hook: (x2)

Hook:
I'm in my Chevrolet, my box Chevrolet
Got that... In case you want to lay
I'm in my Chevrolet, my box Chevrolet
Let's go get you okey dokey
And ride all round all day.