Artist: your_favorite_martian
Title: friend_zone
Genre: Pop/Rock
Subgenres: [u'Music Comedy', u'Dance-Pop', u'Alternative/Indie Rock', u'Indie Pop']

Song:

I like this girl so much. She's always on my mind.
We have an awesome time. We never crossed the line.
She don't wanna mess-up the friendship. "Friendsies"
I'm in a frenzy, 'cause my bedroom's empty.
And I'm gently attempting to win her over, 
By being as good a friend as I can be.
She's tempting but riddled with doubt.
Friend Zone is like the mafia. You'll never get out! 


She doesn't know the half. In my wallet I keep her photograph.
I've made my decision. For you, Babygirl, I'd change religions.
'Cause in your eyes I see heaven. Girl, I think about you 24/7.
Before the store ends, I wanna know if we can be more than friends?
I put my hands up in the air. Try to act like I don't care.
But tonight I'm all alone, because now I'm in the friend zone.
I'm in the friend zone, I'm in the friend zone, I'm in the friend zone, 
Now I'm in the frined zone.
Now I'm in the frined zone, Now I'm in the frined zone.


I've got the blues, 'cause we're not knockin' the boots.
We're talkin' gossip news & shoppin' for shoes.
I hate when you make me watch Sex & the City, 
Until the day ends. I'm not your gay friend! 
But I'll do it. just to get next to you.
Just to prove I can best the rest the dudes.
I'm obsessed with you. I pester you.
'Cause when we ain't together, I'm probably texting you.


You make me the maddest. I just want to change my facebook status, 
To "in a relationship" but "it's complicated."

Well, you're makin' it hard for me.
'Cause I just can't walk away. I just can't walk away, I just can't walk
Away.
I put my hands up in the air. Try to act like I don't care.
But tonight I'm all alone, because now I'm in the friend zone.
I'm in the friend zone, I'm in the friend zone, I'm in the friend zone, 
Now I'm in the friend zone.


I know you don't notice, but there's no excuse, 
To date that other dude. He's a total douche.
He's got a few broken screws. I'm so confused.
That Imma have to show the dude, 
That you deserve better, & you know you do.
Always feel free to cry on my shoulder, Boo.
'Cause if I ever go with you, I'm sure I'll stay.
I wanna leave now, but I just can't walk away.


I just can't walk away, I just can't walk away, I just can't walk away, 
I just can't walk away, I just can't walk away, I just can't walk away, 
I just can't walk away, I just can't walk away! 
I'm in the friend zone. I'm in the friend zone, I'm in the friend zone.
Now I'm in the friend zone.
I put my hands up in the air. Try to act like I don't care.
But tonight I'm all alone, because now I'm in the friend zone.
I put my hands up in the air. Try to act like I don't care.
But tonight I'm all alone, because now I'm in the friend zone.
I'm in the friend zone, I'm in the friend zone, I'm in the friend zone, 
Now I'm in the friend zone.