Artist: zing
Title: bow_the_knee
Genre: Jazz
Subgenres: [u'Jam Bands', u'Modern Creative', u'Progressive Jazz']

Song:

Verse 1:
If it’s true that you collect tears and record the times I she'd em.
Then these days it seems like you’d constantly be pennin.
I been thinkin bout the past, nothing was the same.
Everything came crashing down and You were who I blamed.
But now I see you work all things for my good.
And all of those who love you, and follow as they should.
Now I’m 23 with a pedigree that’s linking me to that royal seed.
Had filthy rags but you swiped those for white robes and you spoiled me
And it’s so crazy, lookin back, and seeing my idolatry,
You pardoned me before I even offered an apology.
And On that cross, you said it’s done,
You took my sin and crushed your Son.
So then what is left to say, I been prayin for my fam,
And my homies that don’t know ya and don’t wanna understand
That the only way to eternal life is trusting in the Lamb… That’s why
I’m praying

Hook:
Open their eyes and let them see. I pray that they’d receive
The conviction so they surrender their lives and bow the knee.
Bow the knee, bow the-bow the knee,
Every tongue confess you Lord and they will bow the knee.
Bow the knee, bow the-bow the knee,
Every tongue confess you Lord, Jesus is the King.

Verse 2:
You say I should be casting all anxieties on You, It’s obvious you care
For me.
But if I’m real I can’t lie, wonder if you hear my cry,
Day and Night, Night and Day, How Long will You Delay,
How Long Oh Lord, I said How Long Oh Lord,
Until You bring the peace, and You remove the sword.
Cuz I’ve been thinking bout it everyday, always mention when I pray,
Caught up worrying my depression gets to me.
And I know it’s wrong, and that’s the way, I evidence my lack of faith,

When the Son of Man returns will it be visible or packed away.
And even your true children, it’s seem like they ain’t listening,
Church wont call a sin a sin, and won’t enforce no discipline,
And I can’t stand it, no I can’t, I was blind for twenty years.
Now like your Son, my supplications loud cries and many tears
But I’ll confess my own sins, Jesus hear my prayers,
Please grant em repentance and release em from the snare.
Hook + Bridge