Artist: zing
Title: dont_want_that
Genre: Jazz
Subgenres: [u'Jam Bands', u'Modern Creative', u'Progressive Jazz']

Song:

Hook:
I’m turnt up, I aint got no liquor tho,
That girl call, I aint gonna pick up tho,
I stay clean, I’m on the away team,
In it but aint of this world, homie you don’t want that. (John 17: 14-15)
Verse 1:
I’m out here with my brethren, it’s war like Armageddon, [ah! ] (Rev
16: 16)
Cosmic powers, evil forces, that’ll force the weapon. (Eph 6: 13)
That’s the Word of God that you heard about, and I’m girded by the
Truth (Eph 6: 17, 14)
It get’s real when you in that fight and trust me you don’t want that
Dude.

[At least] Not until you’re ready to give everything, yo!
No hand on the plow and looking back is fit for the king-dom! (Luke 9: 62)
[Uh], Count the cost, deny yourself, take up your cross (Luke 14: 28, 9: 23)
Stop listening to that faulty doctrine, dudes that try to fleece the flock.
(Heb 13: 9, 34: 3)

A false teacher, that’s that thing I don’t like.
A wolf preacher, that’s that thing I don’t like. [bang bang]
Uh, Read in Jude, 1 John and 2 Peter 2,
I’m calling out that preaching too, and I see you don’t want that.

Hook

Verse 2:
When that pressure come and they question you, homie you don’t want that.
When you’re hated and they’re mockin you, your friends leave and
Won’t talk to you.
You better check you’re on good soil, with a firm root and there’s no
Doubt,
Cuz the road and the rocks and the thorn plants, get eaten, scorched or
Choked out!

(From what?) the cares of the world, and the lust of the flesh or the love
For the money.
You either grow and bear fruit, and stand for the truth, or fold like
Origami.
You think it funny, it might not always get bloody,
But persecution will come to everybody livin godly.

Versace versace, the world and the flesh and the devil had got me,
But Jesus came down and he lived and he died and he rose and he bought me.
So grateful that he would look on me and love me and chose to adopt me.
Now I pass to you what the Saviour has done and the Scriptures have taught
Me.
Hook

Verse 3:

Holiness without which, nobody will see the Lord, (Heb 12: 14)
Like Peter’s sword I’m cutting off, what you heard cuz we at war. (Jn.
18: 10)
If you keep your life you’ll lose it, if you lose your life you’ll keep
It. (Luke 17: 33)
So I stand upon the Rock like Cephas, when it gets deepest, I look to
Jesus. My Lord!

The Alpha The Omega, The Beginning and The End, (Rev. 22: 13)
Who is the one who was, and is, and is to come again. (Rev. 1: 8)
Lift Him up, that’s right He’s high and lifted up, (Is. 57: 15)
He lives forever, His name is holy, He dwells with those contrite and lowly
(Is 57: 15)

Now every time I step into the building everybody gotta know I got a
Master.
I am not my own, I’m a sheep and He’s the shepherd and present in the
Pasture.
Now do you want that? Then get ready for combat!
Blessed are you when you suffer for what’s right, to die is gain and to
Live is Christ.
(1 Peter 3: 14, Phil 1: 21)

Hook