Artist: zing
Title: feed_my_sheep
Genre: Jazz
Subgenres: [u'Jam Bands', u'Modern Creative', u'Progressive Jazz']

Song:

Verse 1:

I’m a fisherman, wit my friends, hi my name is Simon Peter. (Lk. 5: 10)
Living in, Capernaum, raised up in Bethsaida. (Mk 1: 29, Jn. 1: 44)
(pause) Man, where to start, feels like it was yesterday,
When Andrew done ran through, I’ll never forget what he’d say,
“Follow me, bro we found the Messiah!” (Jn. 1: 41)
It was music to my ears like the sound of a choir,
I was introduced and that’s the time I got the look from Jesus,
Saying “You’re Simon of John, but you gone go by Cephas” (Jn. 1: 42)
Turned up, back to work, at the Sea of Galilee, (Lk. 5: 1)
Tryna get the business right, with the sons of Zebedee. (Lk 5: 10)
No luck, til He said, go cast out into the deep. (Lk. 5: 4)
So we did, as He said, and next thing you wouldn’t believe.
We hauled in…the biggest catch you’ve ever seen. (Lk. 5: 6-9)
I fell down at His knees and said “I’m a sinful man, depart from me!”
(Lk. 5: 8)
The fishes we were dippin in the ship it started tipping & a sinking we
Were thinkin we were trippin again.
Then Jesus said, “Don’t fear, from now on you’ll be catchin men”.
(Lk. 5: 10)

Hook:

Simon, Son of John, do you love me? Then Feed My Sheep, Feed, Feed My
Sheep.
Simon, Son of John, do you love me? Then Feed My Sheep, Feed, Feed My
Sheep.
Yes Lord, I love you. You know that I love you. Lord, you know all things,
You know that I love you.
Simon, Son of John, do you love me? Then Feed My Sheep, Feed, Feed My
Sheep.

Verse 2:

First day, Unleavened Bread, cliqued up in the Upper Room,
Philip, Thomas, Matthew, Judas, Andrew, and Bartholomew.
And all the rest and the Teacher, as he grabbed the, wine and bread,
Said this is my blood and body and it’s the new covenant.
P He said one would betray so we all started fighting,
He said all of us would stumble cuz of Him that very night and
I said nope not me, never, they might choose to though,
Then he said “Peter you’ll deny me three times before the rooster
Crows”.
That evening in the garden, he was praying we were nappin’,
And then Judas, and the elders and the high priests came to grab em.
I got active, started slashin and my backhand got a lobe and
Then the Master put it back and then He handed himself over.
I followed to the courtyard, and a servant girl came up to me,
And said “You were with Jesus”, and I told her “No that wasn’t
Me”,
Then 2 more claimed the same, I said “You got the wrong dude”,
“I swear, I don’t know the man”…c*** a doodle doo.

Verse 3:

The Master said this would happen in Jerusalem.
He’d suffer and be killed and all else they would do to Him.
I said not a chance and He said “Get behind me Satan”
Now I’m left here contemplating thinking “How could I forsake Him?”
Mary approached us, told us someone took Him,
So John and I raced to the tomb and we both took a look in,
Mary said she saw Him and that He had gone ahead and
That He’d meet with us in Galilee, just like He had said. Uh
Later on, while we were fishing, someone called us from the beach,
Seeing our predicament said “You don’t have no fish to eat?”
“Cast it to the right” and then it happened again,
And then we all recognized Him and I instantly jumped in,
I still got a debt to square, I denied the Lord of all,
Had to see how short I fall, and trust me I was made aware.
P: He built His Church of broken people, using me a broken man,
That day he re-commissioned me…This is what he said: